 # Security Special


#### use case
GenZ Capital is a startUp that provides financial services for its generation Z customers/  
They offer all services via Social media. While their IT team is fantastic( their emoji-based support system is bleeding edge?),  
they were less than ready to be accor uired by the finserve behemoth OldGuard Finance.  
OldGuard has put Gen'Z systems throught a thorugh security audit and now changes need to be made.
As a premier Salesforce security consultant, you've met with the key stakeholders via social media direct message,  
and you have compiled a comprehensive set of security change requirements.

## standard objects
GenZ uses the following stadard objects to store all deal related data : 
  - Account : business that puchase financial service packages from genZ capital
  - Contact : Prospective and existing customer contacts of genZ Capital
  - Opportunity : Deals related to GenZ Capital's financial packages

## Custom Objects
For the purpose of this super, GenZ don't use custom objects.

### business Requirements
this section represents the culmination(최고점) of many meetings and will be the basis of your work to transform GenZ's Salesforce or into a cloud-based version of Fort Knox

### System & Data Security Requirements
to comply(준수) with goverment financial regulations, GenZ must implement both data retention(보유) and encryption policies,  
and theire aquiring(취득) company, OldGuard Finance, has strict access policies for remote workers and mobile devies.  
OldGuard Finance also wants GenZ to implement best practices for passwords.

you've explored these needs in detail with your stakeholders through a series of conversations. and you've come up with this short list of requirements

  - Security for Remote / Mobile Users - Remote workers must use VPN to access Salesforce.  All mobile users must use multi-factor authentication (MFA?).  All mobile users must be individually approved by the admin.   NOTE : For ease of use, you've decided to manage MFA from a single permission.  \
  - Password Policy - passwords must be reset every 90 days, and must have a minimum 8 characters and include both alpha and numberic characters  
  - Field Tracking - Value changes in the Opportunity Amount field must be tracked.


#### Organizational Security Requirements  
you've investigated each role at GenZ and have come up with the follwing role-specific requirements:  

#### Organizational Overview
there are 3 core teams in genZ's main Sales organizational structure : **Field Sales**, **Inside Sales**, **Sales Executive**  
GenZ also has individuals who have act as project managers to help implement the most complex deals

#### General Record-level Security requirements  
configure default access to records in you org to : 
  - Restrict access to opportunities to the people who own then( and their managers)
  - allow access to accounts to anyone in the org, regardless of who owns them, as long as their profile allows access to Accounts in general.  keep default options for contacts

NOTE : these general record-level security requirements can be overidden by more specific requirments below


### Field Sales User Requirements
field saels users should be able to create their own list view, but not create or manage list of view for others.
NOTE : when providing access to see and edit all accounts for Field Sales, do not use the profile View All and Modify All settings

 
 ### Inside Sales User Requirements
 Note: Opportunities have restricted access. Find a way to share these with Inside Sales without selecting View All and Modify All on the profile.

### Sales Executive User Requirements
Sales Executive users should be able to view all opportunities and accounts (regardless of other sharing settings), but not be able to create, edit, or delete any opportunities or accounts.   
They should be able to create reports and dashboards, but not create or manage report and dashboard folders.  
Sales Executive users should be able to create their own list views, but not create or manage list views for others.  
They should have mobile access, granted by the admin on demand, and are not restricted in terms of their hours of access to Salesforce.


### Special Requirements for users who are also PM (Project Manager)
PM permission are set up differently than other user permissions because PMs all have other responsibility within the company.  
you shoud not use role for sharing records with PM. PM should be able to view all opportunities where Type= "Exisiting Customer - Upgrade"   
and Stage = "Closed Won", but should not view any other opportunities owned by other users. PM should have mobile access, granted by the adimin on demand.  
Use the name Project Managers when naming any security property related to PM's









